We start our session by talking to chandres. He appears very weak but never the less still capable as he can see merric even though he is invisible. Eira starts a conversation with him. He appears very weak and half bandaged. He starts by making fun of us. He also correctly notices that only merric and eira are alone and that the others may be close by seems to imply he knows they arn't close by. Merric attemps to take the chest but it is magiced to the floor. So instead he decides to search the room for the key. He goes in the desk. He finds a secret button in a drawer. To chandreses amusement he finds some pills in the first drawer. He then opens the secret drawer and he finds a note from chandres that just says "Gotcha!".

Merric then asks where the key is and chandres does not really give any direct answer to anything. Merric then asks chandres to trade for the key. Chandres wants merric to beg for it but instead asks to trade for his eye. He says he will ask for the key from gaius once he gets the eye. Merric says no. Chandres says merric doesnt get to define the terms of the deal. Merric insists thats how deals work. Merric, now annoyed decides to try to dispel the magic on the chest and does so without trouble.  

Merric grabs the chest and prepares to leave with eira. as soon as he gets on eirs back guards come in to give chandres the pills from the desk. They force feed him the pills before he can even say anything if he wanted to. Merric and eira hide behind the door without trouble. Merric investigates the body once they leave and notices the wrong eye is missing and that only half of this body looks like chandres. 

Merric sends a message to the group that they are on the way back with a chest and that chandres is back. Merric and eira then leave. Eira and merric were able to get out of the room successfully and without notice. However as they past the mages on the bookshelves, one as his own mistake, falls off to perhaps his death. Everyone then notices merric and eira. They then run as fast as they can to the doors. They make it there just before stone guardians do. However merric and eira couldnt open the door and choose to fight the guards assuming they were controlling the golmes. They were not being controlled by that guard and now have to fight the golems. Merric throws some spells at them while eira tries to open the door. Eira gets the door open just enough for him to get through. He tried to feather fall down the 50 some feet of the door but failed to do so taking massive damge. He tries to use his charm to get some good luck but instead gets very bad luck. So poorly in fact that the nearest dragon has a murderous rage. Luckily it was kara. She does show up and kills merric. She then gets eira out of her predicament and  rushes them back to the boat. Kadeem noticing that merric is dead quickly revives him. They decide to go to the ultros and have a heart to hear as merric explains what happend. 