We go back to the inn and get settled. we talk to kira for a bit and start to explain our dreams. We are curious about balthors dream how she went from wanting him to be her tribute to being her toy. Kara is confused by merrics dreams as to why lutheria wants his charms. Kara tries to identify merics charms but is perplexed and vexed as when she cant.  Her concern and intreague to merric grows. Kadeam and helios also share their dreams. 

We go to bed and get ready to prep for the next day. We get some feeling of something magical happening. Kira and valas are aguing with lutheria about what chandres did. Lutheria is un-moved and unphased about this. Kara tried her best to calm valas down as much as possible. They ended up going away  straight to the hospital. Valas used a tremendous amount of power and raised all the people who died unjustly. We all stick around until kara comes back.

Merric goes to buy some sending stones and tags along with balthor and kadeem who want to look at the library.  merric goes to the general goods shop. He asks for some sending stones. He talks to the propritor goodialis. He gets to talking with him and challanges him to roll off to prove who's divination is best. Merric changes his dice to a higher roll right after goodialis changes merrics role to something lower. The other attendant then makes it so merric wins. The attendant informs him that their bargin wont be honered because the owner has lost his mind and he runs the shop. Merric pays with some jewls he had. 