King akustus thanks us and brings us to the throne room. He offers to help us in any way he can. Merric asks him about the dragon riders and how he has dragon eggs. He says its a family secret. Merric dosent believe him but he seems to be telling the truth. kadem asks him how we can get the compas and get to the ultros. He tells us that its a dangerous journey and no one has ever come back. Merric again dosent believe him but he seems to be genuine. He gives us a map and tells us thats where we can find the ultros there and that we should go at once. 

  
The king leaves and vallas takes us back to her office. She tells us that she dosent think the king is being completly truthful to us and was jealous of our triump and she thinks that he believes he wants to be the king of all thilea. We chat with her some more. Kira was a mouse hiding in kadeems bag. she looks very weak. She cant even drink from a cup. We finish up with vallas. Merric gives kara a ride on the floating disk. 

Kadem offers us a sleep over. we head to his house. we pass by the university where he teaches. we also pass by by the temple of sydron. right next to it is the temple of the five gods. we keep walking by stigeion row which is the bad part of town. we now get to another gate where marcus, one of kadeems students, greets us. kadem tells him he will have a concert tomorrow to raise awareness for the 5 gods. Which makes us think of a great idea. have a bennifit concert for the gods. we see a coulple of other great landmarks of the town. We make it to kadeems house. kadem. kadem 