We start as merric and eira push a magic button in mitros. It opens a secret passageway under the fountain in the park of the upper district. We go into the tunnel and try to jam the mechinism to see if we can keep it open for when we come back. However, before we figure out how, the passageway closes again. Merric is able to jump out of the way and back out for the moment. 

However eira is stuck inside. Immediatly merric goes to get help from the squad ( not thinking to just open the door again). He runs back. as he does eira is approached by cultast. She pretends to be a sick/old woman. The followers of lutheria dont buy it but the main guy who follows cideron does. He forces the others to allow him to aid her. By some amazing coincidence, he walks eira out of the acolyte temple right as gaius is arguing with a very injured chandras. Chandres recognizes eira and immediatly without speaking attacks her with a lightningbolt. He kills a decet amount of cideron acolytes and hurts her helper in the process. The boys ( kallik, balthor, helios) try to track eira down by following the tunnel. Balthor reaches out and she tells them not to follow because its full of acolytes and chandres. Eira decides to take the lightning bolt damage and help those around her. 

  
As a result her helper immediatly goes and kills chandres. He and gaius then start doing damage control and evacuating the injured to the nearby hospital. The rest of the party meets back up to the fountain to try to find eira. We see a commotion coming from the temple of cideron. Balthor asks where the injured are. He reveals that he knew it was eira and that all the injured are in the hospital. The man after carrying and helping makes sure to check on eira and tell her he is sorry. 

Merric and eira make a quick exit so as to not be recognized. Kadem, balthor, and kallik stay to help heal people. Helios goes to check if chandras is actually dead. 

  
Kadeem and balthor go to talk to gaius. the man ( now named magnus) is talking about how he wants to utterly destory chandras like torture style. Gaius tells kadeem that chandras came to complain to him. He tells kadeem and balthor that he could kill us all but dosent want to because he feels sorry for us and that we dont understand that we are "playing for the wrong side" so to speak. Gaius tells them that he refused to mobalize simply because chaandersas wants. He tells them that his god wants us to understand the situation. gaius also tells balthor that he will deal with chandres. 

Helios does not find chandres body. 